This bind will cause you to jump whenever your mouse wheel is scrolled up on down. This is commonly used by players to make bunny hopping easier, but for others it is simply more convenient than the space bar. Find variations for mouse wheel down or mouse wheel up only on the more information page.
A quickswitch bind will switch to your knife, and then quickly back to your weapon when the binded key is pressed. This bind is commonly used by players who use AWPs, scouts and in some cases deagles to instantly switch to their knife and then back to their gun after firing a shot. This offers no advantage in terms of recoil or the time until another shot can be fired, but it means that the AWP and SSG-08 will not re-scope in after the shot has finished firing. It is also aesthetically pleasing, especially if you have a knife skin.
Grenade binds bind grenades (smokes, molotovs, flashbangs, etc) to keys on your keyboard. This means you can quickly switch to a specific nade without having to scroll or press the number 4 repeatedly to reach the grenade you need. 
This bind is very useful for lining up nades including: smokes, molotovs, flashes and grenades. It will make your crosshair stretch out in all 4 directions to the edge of the screen. By default it is bound to the 4 key which is the most common key people press to take out their nades, but this can be changed.
Having to switch to your bomb and then manually droping it is inefficient, so it's definitely worth setting up a drop bomb bind. With this bind, you will instantly switch to the C4, drop it on the ground, and then switch back to your primary weapon.
Decals are any effects added to the walls and ground of map as a result of gameplay. This bind will instantly clear all decals. This is useful as it will make things easier to see - for example, often blood on walls makes it harder to see enemies who are peeking in front of it.
The switch hand bind will switch your gun position between your left hand and right hand whenever you press the bind key. This is used to prevent your gun model from reducing visibility (e.g. when you want to also watch a spot on a side that your gun is covering), but some players report that they perform better when some weapons are on the opposite side of their screen.
Setting up a noclip bind is very helpful if you spend a lot of time in CS:GO private servers where you can turn cheats on. This is because it is how you fly around the map, rapidly increasing your movement speed and letting you pass through objects and buildings as though they didn't exist. Having it assigned to a bind lets you pass in and out of this mode whenever it suits you.
This bind needs to be placed in your autoexec, or used each time you reopen CS:GO. This bind will cause you to jump and throw the grenade you are currently holding - useful for smokes that require a lineup. You need to hold down left click (causing your character to pull out the pin) on the grenade and then press your bind key.
The net_graph interface puts important information like your ping, FPS, and game performance statistics at the bottom of your screen. Many players have this enabled all the time, so they can make sure they aren't lagging or experiencing other issues, however, it adds unnecessary clutter to your game and can be distracting. This bind will make it so that when you hold your TAB key to bring up the scoreboard, the net_graph menu will show, and when you let go it will hide. Allowing you to check net_graph when you need to, but not having it on your screen, in the way, all of the time.
Usually, when you're walking (holding the SHIFT key) in CS:GO, you're trying to be quiet, but you're also probably trying to listen for enemies unaware of your position making footsteps or other noises. That's where this bind comes in handy. This bind will raise your game volume when you are holding the SHIFT key, which will make it much easier to hear noises that usually go amiss from your ears because they're too quiet. As soon as you stop walking (holding the SHIFT key), your volume will return to normal.
It can be hard to find the right amount of "zoom" for your map radar - too much and you don't know where your teammates are, and with too little, you can't really pinpoint your teammates exact positions. If you suffer from the aforementioned problems, this bind is here to save you! This bind will zoom your radar in, running it 4 times will loop the size back round to where it was originally.
Easy way to find a bomb bind activates an in-game instructor which clearly shows both the direction and the precise location of the bomb regardless of smokes, boxes and other things.
Bind to be able to throw grenades while running with perfect accuracy
This bind toggles your crosshair size of particular grenades line-ups. It will also help to line-up the elaborate smokes for the active smoke grenade users.